Add 'dependencies' field in AEA configuration (#2289)
fetchai/agents-aea: docs/config.md

  disable_existing_loggers: false
  version: 1
registry_path: ../packages                      # The path to the local package registry (must be a directory path and point to a directory called `packages`)

> dependencies: {}                                # The python dependencies the package relies on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dependencies: {}                                # The python dependencies the AEA relies on (e.g. plugins).
```
